Issue 11338: add documentation about the upgrade of Pulsar 2.8.0 (#11392)
apache/pulsar: site2/website/release-notes.md

### 2.8.0 &mdash; 2021-06-12 <a id=“2.8.0”></a>

### Update notice

Due to a breaking change in the Schema API it may happen that some Pulsar Functions or Pulsar IO Connector fail to work, 
throwing an `IncompatibleClassChangeError`.
In this case you have to rebuild your Function using Apache Pulsar 2.8.0 as dependency and redeploy it.

> If you are running on Kubernetes you can temporarily let the Functions Worker pod run with a previous version of Pulsar

Reviewer: From my understanding, for Kubernetes users, we need to take into account the runtime which users using. If users use thread or process runtime, then they should keep functions worker pod with a previous version of Pulsar. If users use Kubernetes runtime, they should keep the `functionRuntimeFactoryConfigs.functionDockerImages` or `functionRuntimeFactoryConfigs.pulsarDockerImageName` with previous version of Pulsar in `functions_worker.yml`.

Author: even this is technically possible,
it is not simple to configure this parameter in a multi tenant environment, it is practically impossible, because you have to take care of the placement of the functions for each tenant.

Also we do not guarantee (it is not stated anywhere and there is no testcase) that the 'function worke' is able to work with a more recent version of the broker or of the other components. 
In practice if you upgrade from 2.7.x to 2.8.x you can keep the function pods at version Pulsar 2.7.x, but this is not something that I would recommend to the public audience, as it needs some advanced knowledge of Pulsar internals

if the default is 'apachepulsar/pulsar:latest'  this is kind of a bad problem, because in this case everything may break without notice.
if you are using the official Apache Pulsar Helm Chart we are setting properly the version 

does this make sense to you @freeznet ?

> Due to a breaking change in the Schema API it may happen that some Pulsar Functions or Pulsar IO Connector fail to work, 
> throwing an `IncompatibleClassChangeError`.
> In this case you have to rebuild your Function using Apache Pulsar 2.8.0 as dependency and redeploy it.
> If you are running on Kubernetes you can temporarily let the Functions Worker pod run with a previous version of Pulsar
> in order to not cause downtime.
> More context in [this issue](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/issues/11338).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to a breaking change in the Schema API, it may happen that some Pulsar Functions or Pulsar IO connectors fail to work, 
throwing an `IncompatibleClassChangeError`.

In this case, you need to rebuild your Function using Apache Pulsar 2.8.0 as a dependency and redeploy it.

If you are running on Kubernetes, you can temporarily let the Functions Worker pod run with a previous version of Pulsar
in order to not cause downtime.

For more context about this issue, see [[Pulsar Functions and IO] Cannot upgrade Function built for Pulsar 2.7 to Pulsar 2.8](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/issues/11338).
```

1. can you give more context about `breaking change in the Schema API`? (for example, add a related link?)

Author: I added the link to https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10878
